Expand documentation on extensions (#3216)
hyperspy/hyperspy: doc/user_guide/signal/signal_basics.rst

is curated in a dedicated repository.

The metadata attribute ``signal_type`` describes the nature of the signal. It can
be any string, normally the acronym associated with a particular signal. To print
all :py:class:`~.api.signals.BaseSignal` subclasses available in your system call
the function :py:func:`~.api.print_known_signal_types` as in the following
example:

.. code-block:: python

    >>> hs.print_known_signal_types()
    +--------------------+---------------------+--------------------+----------+
    |    signal_type     |       aliases       |     class name     | package  |
    +--------------------+---------------------+--------------------+----------+
    | DielectricFunction | dielectric function | DielectricFunction | elexspy  |
    |      EDS_SEM       |                     |   EDSSEMSpectrum   | elexspy  |
    |      EDS_TEM       |                     |   EDSTEMSpectrum   | elexspy  |
    |        EELS        |       TEM EELS      |    EELSSpectrum    | elexspy  |
    |      hologram      |                     |   HologramImage    | holospy  |
    +--------------------+---------------------+--------------------+----------+

> Object oriented functions provided by the extensions will be available after

Reviewer: This information is not clear to me. Which functions from extensions are available after `import hyperspy.api as hs`? Do you mean that an extension signal loaded with `s = hs.load("signal.h5", signal_type="EBSD")` will have additional class methods not provided by HyperSpy?

Author: Yes, for example for an EBSD signal, you provide the `s.extract_grid()` method. I'll try to rephrase it to make it more clear.

Reviewer: Thanks for updating. Perhaps the final sentence in that paragraph could be a recommendation to visit the extensions' references for lists of these functions and methods?

is curated in a dedicated repository.

The metadata attribute ``signal_type`` describes the nature of the signal. It can
be any string, normally the acronym associated with a particular signal. To print
all :py:class:`~.api.signals.BaseSignal` subclasses available in your system call
the function :py:func:`~.api.print_known_signal_types` as in the following
example:

.. code-block:: python

    >>> hs.print_known_signal_types()
    +--------------------+---------------------+--------------------+----------+
    |    signal_type     |       aliases       |     class name     | package  |
    +--------------------+---------------------+--------------------+----------+
    | DielectricFunction | dielectric function | DielectricFunction | elexspy  |
    |      EDS_SEM       |                     |   EDSSEMSpectrum   | elexspy  |
    |      EDS_TEM       |                     |   EDSTEMSpectrum   | elexspy  |
    |        EELS        |       TEM EELS      |    EELSSpectrum    | elexspy  |
    |      hologram      |                     |   HologramImage    | holospy  |
    +--------------------+---------------------+--------------------+----------+

> Functions provided by the extensions that directly operate on the data types
> defined in a registered subclass (object oriented functions) will be available
> after loading the ``hyperspy.api``. However, the packages might also provide some
> additional utilities, which require them to be separately loaded into the python
> namespace.
> 
> When :ref:`loading data <loading_files>`, a specific ``signal_type`` will be
> set automatically if it is recognized by the file reader and the corresponding
> extension is installed on your system.

Reviewer 2: This is not very clear, maybe this is better?

```suggestion
When :ref:`loading data <loading_files>`, the ``signal_type`` will be
set automatically by the file reader, as defined in ``rosettasciio``. If the
extension providing the specialised signal subclass corresponding to the given ``signal_type`` is installed,  :py:func:`~.api.load` will return the subclass from the hyperspy extension, otherwise a warning will be raised to explain that no registered signal class can be assigned to the given ``signal_type``.
```

Author: I don't know if all file readers will raise a warning, or if some might just resort to Signal1D.

be any string, normally the acronym associated with a particular signal. To print
all :py:class:`~.api.signals.BaseSignal` subclasses available in your system call
the function :py:func:`~.api.print_known_signal_types` as in the following
example:

.. code-block:: python

    >>> hs.print_known_signal_types()
    +--------------------+---------------------+--------------------+----------+
    |    signal_type     |       aliases       |     class name     | package  |
    +--------------------+---------------------+--------------------+----------+
    | DielectricFunction | dielectric function | DielectricFunction | elexspy  |
    |      EDS_SEM       |                     |   EDSSEMSpectrum   | elexspy  |
    |      EDS_TEM       |                     |   EDSTEMSpectrum   | elexspy  |
    |        EELS        |       TEM EELS      |    EELSSpectrum    | elexspy  |
    |      hologram      |                     |   HologramImage    | holospy  |
    +--------------------+---------------------+--------------------+----------+

Functions provided by the extensions that directly operate on the data types
defined in a registered subclass (object oriented functions) will be available

> after loading the ``hyperspy.api``. However, the packages might also provide some

Reviewer 2: I don't understand what does it mean. Do you mean that `hs.load` will return signal class provided by extension and therefore the methods implemented in extension will be available without explicitly loading their namespace?
I am not sure that "object oriented functions" is a good wording.

Author: Yes, that is what I mean and the term "object oriented programming" is what I learned for this paradigm where a data class ships its own methods that can manipulate the data back when I learned programming at uni. Do you have a better proposal?

Reviewer 2: Yes, "object oriented programming" is good - it was the word "function" in "object oriented functions" which was unclear to me.
Should this paragraph comes after the one below where loading data is introduced?

I think that the message here is that `hyperspy.api.load` will returns signal object implemented in extension. When saying that "registered subclass (object oriented functions) will be available after loading the ``hyperspy.api``" it sounds like the class will be added the hyperspy namespace.

:py:func:`~.api.load` will return the subclass from the hyperspy extension,
otherwise a warning will be raised to explain that
no registered signal class can be assigned to the given ``signal_type``.

> Functions/methods provided by the extensions that directly operate on the data
> types (thus being object oriented) defined in a registered subclass will be available
> after loading the ``hyperspy.api``. However, the packages might also provide some
> additional utilities, which require them to be separately loaded into the python
> namespace. Check the user guides of the `HyperSpy extensions

Reviewer 2: I think that we should focus on what returns `hs.load` rather than importing `hyperspy`. Returning objects provided by other libraries is very common (for example, function that return numpy array), what is special here is that `hs.load` return subclasses of `BaseSignal` implemented in different libraries.
What's about the following?
```suggestion
Since the :py:func:`~.api.load` can return domain specific signal objects (e.g. ``EDSSEMSpectrum`` from ``EleXSpy``) provided by extensions, the corresponding functionalities (so-called `method` of `object` in object oriented programming, e.g. ``EDSSEMSpectrum.get_lines_intensity``) implemented in signal classes of the extension can be accessed readily.
To use additional functionalities implemented in extension but not as method of the signal class, the extensions will need to be imported explicitly (e.g. ``import EleXSpy``). Check the user guides of the `HyperSpy extensions
```
